I don't code a lot of C.  Might be fun to implement tiny exercise programs for
each feature needed until I can build a rudimentary shell.  My own shell might
be fun.  I might even have a couple of ideas for useful features not present
in other shells.  For example:

Pattern matching to decide what command to run.
The idea is that, say I run the command 'll'.  Sometimes, this is aliased to
'ls -l'.  In such cases, there are often also alias for 'ld', 'la', etc, using
the various options to ls.  So good so far.  But if there is no alias, or
command, or anything else in the path, you just get an error.

IDEAS:
======

* What if, instead, the last directory in $PATH contained an executable file
named 'l\*' that got run for any command beginning with 'l' that didn't match
anything else?  You could have it build the proper form of ls based on how it
was invoked, allowing you to decide on the fly that you want to run 'ls1ad',
without having to alias every possible permutation of the many options ls
takes, or if you did, having to remember the order.  At a certain point, that
becomes ridiculous, but it might be good to have a shell that is smart enough
to just think 'I've tried, and there's not a command that matches this.  But
there is a command that, if interpreted as a pattern, does match this.  I'll
run that instead.'  It may be better to, instead of putting these so they are
seen at the end of the $PATH, to have a special 'pattern alias' setting that
creates them instead.

NOTE: ZSH does What You Mean if you run:

    # Show commands that begin with 'z'
    $ which z*

NOTE: Also do $ man zshall/suffix alias

Maybe this can be used to implement something like the above in ZSH?

* Always be able to access the output of the last command without running it
  again.  This could be especially useful for commands that take a long time,
  or that use a lot of bandwidth you might not want to repeat just to review
  the output.

  This can be done in current shells by reviewing the scrollback in whatever
  terminal emulator you're using.  But it seems more useful to have a file in
  /tmp or somewhere that is guaranteed to contain the last output.  Maybe
  /var/log/<shell> or something..

Maybe I don't have to write an entire shell in C.  Maybe I could use whatever
scripting language I want to write a wrapper around zsh, just to add whatever
features I like.
